In this lecture we will learn about each female's clipboard events the H.M. clipboard events or on copy
on paste and on cut on copy event is fired when the user copies an element we will add a paragraph element
and give it the on copy event which we'll call a function when the user copies the text and our paragraph
tag then we will create the function we will display an alert that tells the user that they copied the
text.
Let's jump to the web browser and run the code.
As you can see if we try to copy the text on our Web page the alert will display telling us that we
copied the text.
Let's go back to the editor on paste event fires when a user pastes content into an element.
We will change the event in a paragraph element to on paste.
Let's also change the text in order to say that we pasted text so that the message makes sense in this
example use case then we will go to the web browser and run our code.
Now if you try to paste.
You will see the alert pop up showing you that the on paste event was fired.
Let's jump back to the editor.
The on Card event is fired when the user cuts the contents of an element we will use the on Card event
to fire the function that we wrote and change the alert to say that the user cut text.
Then we will go to the web browser and run our code when we cut the text on our Web page.
You will see the Ilich displayed the G-mail clipboard events are useful when you want to fire an event
when the user copies pastes or clutch the contents of an element in the next lecture.
We will recap what we learned in this section.